---
type: 
faction: 
location: 
world: liminal
campaign: liminal
date: 2024-03-20
description: ""
race: 
gender: 
class: 
---
# [[eboria overview]]

## the queendom of luminara 
> The Queendom of Luminara is a vast, beautiful land, said to be chosen by and accordingly blessed by [[the diamond witch]] herself. Having risen centuries ago from one of the pockets of the land most damaged by the Scourge, it is said that [[the diamond witch]] herself, through one of her champions, the first Queen of Luminara, purified the land and allowed new life to develop.
> 
> With overall pleasant climates and rolling grassy hills, this kingdom, in the east of Eboria, is a cherished and much-beloved place.

- **PRISM** — the capital of the kingdom, and seat of the diamond throne. said to be the convergence point between nexus and **CELESTIA**, the realm of light. accordingly believed to be a holy city, many pilgrimage to prism for the purposes of visiting one of the many temples.
	- **PRISM UNIVERSITY OF MAGIC** — a world-renowned place of magical learning, particularly focusing on training priests, druids, and those that harness divine magic. there is a place here for arcane spellcasters, but they generally are treated with a bit more caution and a sterner hand, due to non-divine magic being said to hasten the appearance of the scourge.
- **THE VEILWOOD** — nestled at the foot of a cliff beneath prism, the veilwood is an enigma in that it was not purified by the efforts of the diamond witch and her champions. a vast forest said to be home to all manner of horrific monstrosities and still in the clutch of the scourge, it is avoided like the plague by all but the most daring or foolhardy.
- **SNOWHOLD** — a fortress build between prism and the veilwood, and the only way, on foot, to travel between the two. manmade as a joint effort between prism and the people of ghadir, it is intentionally inhospitable, meant to both deter the people of the queendom to venture into the dangerous lowlands, and to protect the people above from monsters that might escape.
- **FOXGLOVE** — a bustling town, situated between prism and the astorian republic. though part of the queendom, it is somewhat treated as neutral ground, given that any wishing to travel on foot between the two regions will inevitably find themselves here. named for the variety of flowers (of the same name) that grow naturally in the area. home to a radio tower that provides people for miles around with news and entertainment.
- **BASTION** — a small farming village situated on the southern edge of the veilwood. built upon the ruins of some pre-convergence township, bastion is as its name implies: a line of defense against the horrors of the wood. though unassuming, bastion is magically protected and home to a number of the queen's knights, meant to survey and patrol the wood and hopefully strike down any creatures that might arise before they become an issue for snowhold or, gods forbid, prism itself. has some tension with snowhold given that bastion is purely a part of prism, with some of the ghadirians present in snowhold seeing it as an undermining of their presence.
- **THE GLADE** — between the simple name and the impracticality of its existence, few believe that the glade actually exists. said to exist as a peaceful, beautiful settlement in the heart of the veilwood, many believe it to be a fairy tale, meant to lure gullible and ill-prepared individuals into the slavering maws of the scourge. the only thing that lands credence to the existence of the glade is the fact that the rite of ascension—wherein a new queen of prism becomes a champion of the diamond witch and thus earns her crown—is said to involve a trek to the glade.
- **HIGHCROFT** — a small mountain village nestled at the foot of stillpeak, located on the upper astorian plateau. the power company, vector, maintains a reactor on the mountain, which also powers the town. accordingly, though the people of the town are not in league with vector, they nonetheless maintain a pleasant and friendly relationship with them, out of necessity. though vector is rarely seen in the town aside from passing through to visit the reactor, there are signs that they once resided in the town in earnest, as evidenced by an abandoned manor that sits on the town's edge. many stories tell that the manor is haunted, and thus the locals avoid it like the plague.
## the astorian republic
- **ASTORIA** — though technically a city, astoria is colossal enough to rival most countries in size, and is independent enough to be treated as one. divided into a number of districts (each the size of a city on their own) and surrounded by a massive defensive wall, enclosed on all sides save for the gates out of the city on the north (by air), and the south and west (by foot) sides. the heart of technological innovation on the content of eboria, many engineers and inventors either find their start or find their way here. something of a modern port town, as it has the largest number of airship docks, and those with the proper permits and connections can find their way to anywhere in nexus.
	- **INDUSTRIAL DISTRICT** — home primarily to shops, factories, and some establishments (bars/inns), though the latter only out of necessity. the noise and activity are constant in the industrial district, thus causing many to refer to it as the district that never sleeps. highly patrolled due to the number of high-profile individuals that reside and work here, the industrial district is nonetheless not particularly safe—any number of lab experiments or tests gone awry can lead to monsters in the streets or unexpected explosions that shut down streets of the district for days at a time.
	- **ARTS DISTRICT** — home to a number of places of entertainment (casinos, theaters, auction houses, etc.), with people coming from around the world to see the latest performances. many of these performances have been televised in recent years, leading to many of the actors performing in them being elevated to pseudo-celebrity status. given people's enthusiasm to make a name for themselves, however, the arts district has a large homeless and criminal population, having never made their big break and getting by by stealing from the unsuspecting wealthy folk.
	- **THE CITADEL** — treated as a third "district," the citadel is at the core of astoria, and houses the various political parties that vie for control over the republic. understandably, the citadel is very closely guarded, and none are allowed in without an appointment. the citadel also houses aforementioned airship docks, thus ensuring that none enter the republic en masse without passing under the watchful eye of the president.
- **THE PYRE** — to the far south of the plateau upon which astoria resides, there exists a colossal mountain known only as "the pyre" due to the immense heat that radiates from it. in sharp contrast to the convergence points of many of the other deities, it is widely known that this is the seat of power for the ruby witch, able to exist so plainly because few would dare to step inside and fewer would survive. filled with magma, igneous terrain, and countless creatures and monsters from the elemental plane of fire, only the most foolhardy visitors would ever risk immolation.
	- **EMBER** — at the core of the mountain sits a strange village, immersed in and seemingly unbothered by the intense heat. it is here that those resistant to the heat (or capable of making themselves so) live, in the warm embrace of the ruby witch herself. any seeking to communicate directly with the witch must travel here, and though the inhabitants are far more friendly than the monsters that inhabit the mountain around them, they do not idly allow people to meet their goddess.
- **THE CROAKWOOD** — several miles away from the lowest level of astoria stands a vast marsh, named both due to the twisting, malformed trees that sprout from it and from the endless croaking of frogs. croakwood is generally a peaceful place, despite the strange creatures within. many firbolgs and grung (and stranger creatures) call croakwood home, particularly residing in the small community of **RIBBITON** in the heart of the marsh. the people of the croakwood find their peace threatened, however, due to the fact that they stand directly in the way of astoria and their plans of expansion. though their has been no direct conflict or threats, it is known to authorities on both sides that the tenuous co-existence cannot continue forever.
- **VERMILION HOLLOW** — a deep valley filled with trees. many believe the vermilion hollow to be the witchwood, due to the magic infusing the place, the many fey and fey-adjacent creatures that can be seen darting between the trees, and the tendency for any that wander inside to become lost, sometimes forever. the hollow is divided into four distinct regions—referred to as the northern, western, eastern, and southern shrouds—each with their own distinct cultures and peoples. the people of the hollow maintain a trade and working relationship with astoria, specifically providing them with some of the magical materials utilized in the factories of the republic.
- **HOLLYHEDGE** — a pleasant town situated south of astoria, and directly between the croakwood and vermilion hollow. given that few particularly wish to traverse through either of these locales, many choose to cross through hollyhedge, thus resulting in the town being rather bustling despite its small size. many of the locals work in the nearby mythril mine, with the export of mythril and the many travellers combining to allow the town to be rather wealthy, despite humble appearances.

## the yarov empire
- **YAROV** — the reason the empire is so named, yarov is the capital of the region. a massive, multi-leveled, and fiercely guarded city, much of the empire is dragon-themed, as befitting the dragonborn royal family and population. in years past, "non-scaled" peoples were not so much as permitted in the city, let alone to become residents. changing times and political climates have changed this somewhat, but many (particularly the elder yarovans, of which there are many) are curt at best, and certainly not friendly.
	- **THE ARENA PLATINA** — one of the largest attractions in yarov, and, given the opening of the gates to non-locals, the entire continent. a vast stadium that has, for centuries, entertained the people with sporting events and martial combat. it is said that arenas and colosseums throughout the world are fashioned after the arena platina, although many suspect that this is yarovan arrogance.
	- **THE PLATINUM PALACE** — the seat of yarovan power and constructed (as the name implies) of pure platinum. home to the ruler of yarova, and his dragon knights. 
- **THE SANDSEA** — so named for how far the desert stretches, the shifting, endless sands comprise of the majority of yarova's land. an unforgiving, perilous wasteland, it is often said that if the elements do not claim the life of one that walks the sandsea, the monsters will. though occasional settlements exist in the sandsea—against all odds—none are said to be as grand as dustbloom, a druid settlement that many attempt to brave the elements to reach.
	- **DUSTBLOOM** — a mystical and isolated druid settlement that sits at the heart of the sandsea. though part of the empire, the people of dustbloom care little for the emperor, and seek simply to live a solitary existence, practicing their magics amidst the sands. if the surrounding desert were not enough of a deterrent, a collection of powerful illusionists work tirelessly to hide the settlement from prying eyes. accordingly, very few, yarovan or otherwise, have ever stepped foot inside.
	- **CONDE LIMBERRY** — a dwarven settlement in the desert, located in the northeastern area of it. the dwarves here are incredibly friendly and welcoming, albeit a little strange—it is widely believed that their choice to depart en masse from the depths of the planet has driven them a little mad. 
	- **DUST DEVIL** — a massive, mobile city built utilizing technological innovations derived—or stolen—from the people of astoria and built upon the backs of massive sandworms, the dust devil tears through the desert, as much a threat to travellers as any monsters. difficult to approach and impossible to govern, many thieves and ne'er-do-wells call the dust devil home, particularly those that were sentenced to death in the empire proper.
## the dwarven nation of brasshold
- **BRASSHOLD** — the oldest civilization on eboria, and one of the oldest in the entire world. it is said that all dwarves once hailed from similar settlements across the planet, but brasshold is the only one that remains. ruled over by a number of noble houses and situated deep beneath the figaro mountains. centrally located on the continent, the people of brasshold aim to remain neutral on all things, which has won them many allies, but few friends. the dwarves of brasshold tend to stick to the "old ways," preferring tradition to modern innovation. speculation as to why this is so is rampant, but includes such theories as them not realizing that things have changed, that they are bitter (given that brasshold was the primary means of traversing the mountains prior to the innovation of airships), and that dwarves' fingers are too thick and stubby to be able to manipulate the fine controls of modern technology.
	- **BRASSHOLD GROTTO** — the primary civilization and the heart of the nation, this underground metropolis is vast, extending through the entire continent via various underground pathways. ruled by noble houses, maintaining a vast library that documents the history of the planet, and at the eborian forefront of arcanism and smithing, many find cause to visit brasshold at some point in their life. it is widely believed that the vastness and success of brasshold, despite the miles of earth that extend above them, is due to it being the convergence point (or at least near to it) of the elemental plane of earth; a theory that is bolstered by the dwarves of brasshold, almost solely, worshipping the topaz witch. 
	- **REUNION** — a smaller settlement, connected to the grotto but situated far deeper beneath the mountain. it is said that the settlement exists on the periphery of the planet's dead heart, where all souls depart to upon their death. thus, many travel here to speak to and reunite with their lost loved ones. the people of reunion are, commonly, priests, pious folk, or those with hardened hearts—one would have to be, to be constantly surrounded by spirits.
## nocturne
- the city-state of **NOCTURNE** sits at the far, southeastern corner of the continent. regardless of the climate, season, or time of day, it is always night in nocturne, and the city is always filled with a cool breeze. this strange phenomenon is due to the city-state being the convergence point of the shadowfell. due to the perpetual night, the city is home to many drow, duergar, and other creatures that are sensitive to the light of day. many other "monstrous" peoples have come to call the city-state home as well, which leads to a number of civilized (read: prejudiced) folk to avoid the city entirely. thus, **NOCTURNE** is a strange place, home to what some would consider to be the dregs of society. thus a place of excess, avarice, and vice, many find themselves (most attempting to do so in secret) venturing to the dark city at some point in their lives.